[PL-38452] Add build custom images using delegate Dockerfile topic (#1742)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/2_Delegates/manage-delegates/build-custom-images-delegate-dockerfile.md

---

> title: Build custom images using Dockerfile
> description: This topic describes how to build custom images using the Harness Delegate Dockerfile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Build custom delegate images using Dockerfile
description: This topic describes how to build custom delegate images using the Harness Delegate Dockerfile.
```

sidebar_position: 7
---

You can use the Harness Delegate Dockerfile to build custom delegate images. The [Dockerfile](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/) is available in the [delegate Dockerfile repository](https://github.com/harness/delegate-dockerfile). 

The repository includes the `Dockerfile-minimal` and `Dockerfile-ubuntu` versions. 

:::info note

> If you build and use custom images, you can choose to set automatic upgrades off or on for Kubernetes delegates. To learn more about automatic upgrades with custom images, go to [Use automatic upgrade with custom delegate images](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/Delegates/install-delegates/delegate-upgrades-and-expiration#use-automatic-upgrade-with-custom-delegate-images).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you build and use custom images, you can choose to enable or disable automatic upgrades for Kubernetes delegates. To learn more about automatic upgrades with custom images, go to [Use automatic upgrade with custom delegate images](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/Delegates/install-delegates/delegate-upgrades-and-expiration#use-automatic-upgrade-with-custom-delegate-images).
```

> For more information on delegate automatic upgrades and expiration policy, go to [Delegate automatic upgrades and expiration policy](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/Delegates/install-delegates/delegate-upgrades-and-expiration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on delegate automatic upgrades and the delegate expiration policy, go to [Delegate automatic upgrades and expiration policy](https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/Delegates/install-delegates/delegate-upgrades-and-expiration).
```

:::

## Dockerfile tools

> Use Dockerfile to create the delegate image with tools. This image includes the following tools by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can include third party tools with your delegate when you use the delegate Dockerfile. The image includes the following tools by default.
```

> * `kubectl` v1.24.3

Reviewer: You're going to have to update these versions whenever our support changes. Consider linking to this list in one place. It should be in a repo. Ask your Eng for the link. Or, you can link to the list in the Supported platforms topic:

https://developer.harness.io/docs/getting-started/supported-platforms-and-technologies#sdks-installed-with-the-delegate

Author: @michaelcretzman Good point. I added a link here and will remove the list.
